Training
========

1. For each interface, demonstrate beginner mode and then expert mode as described below.
2. Each time introduce the subject to every category and target in the interface and give them a chance to memorize it.
3. Each time tell the subject to learn the layout of the item in beginner mode, but strongly 
   encourage them to use expert mode as they learn to achieve greater speed.
4. Each time explain that the canvas will be cleared and the overlay will be hidden after each trial.
   Explain that the subject must lift their fingers and touch again to re-enable the overlay for the next trial.


Chording Interface (Grid)
-------------------------

Beginner mode

1. Demonstrate how holding the activation button brings up the overlay after a delay.
2. Show how you can select targets by holding the button and tapping items in the overlay.
3. Show that you can do this multiple times without closing the overlay.
4. Let the subject try it for themself and ensure they are able to do all of the above. Repeat any step as necessary.

Expert mode

1. Demonstrate how a two-finger tap can be used to select a memorized target quickly.
2. Show how you can do multiple two-finger taps in quick succession for rapid selection.
3. Show how you can even use three fingers to quickly select 2 items.
4. Let the subject try it for themself and ensure they are able to do all of the above. Repeat any step as necessary.


Marking Menu Interface (Gestures)
---------------------------------

Beginner mode

1. Demonstrate the touch-and-hold method of opening the marking menu.
2. Show how you can explore the menu by dragging your finger around and hovering over the different categories.
3. Show how to make a selection by placing your finger directly on a target and releasing.
4. Show the alternative, faster method of opening the interface by holding the button and placing a second finger down.
5. Note that the finger on the thumb can be lifted or not at subject's preference once the menu is open.
6. Note that once the menu is open, it is otherwise identical to the touch-and-hold method.
7. Let the subject try it for themself and ensure they are able to do all of the above. Repeat any step as necessary.

Expert mode

1. Demonstrate how you can select a memorized target quickly by opening the menu either of the two ways and making a quick gesture.
2. Warn that you can only gesture right after opening the menu. If you explore first, you must select the novice way.
3. Note that keeping the thumb on the button allows you to select multiple targets quickly with gestures.
4. Let the subject try it for themself and ensure they are able to do all of the above. Repeat any step as necessary.


Study
-----

1. Tell subject they will be doing 10 sets of trials and each trial will have 1, 2, or 3 targets. They must select all targets to complete the trial.
2. Show user where targets will appear at the top of the screen.
3. Tell user to ignore the current tool display on the activation button.
4. Explain the popup breaks between each block.
5. Explain that the subject will do one practice block before the 10 main blocks.